feat(DEW): DEW support a new resource to manage CSMS event (#3652)
huaweicloud/terraform-provider-huaweicloud: docs/resources/csms_event.md

## Example Usage

```hcl
variable "notification_target_type" {}
variable "notification_target_id" {}
variable "notification_target_name" {}

resource "huaweicloud_csms_event" "test" {
  name                     = "test_name"
  event_types              = ["SECRET_VERSION_CREATED", "SECRET_ROTATED"]
  status                   = "ENABLED"
  notification_target_type = var.notification_target_type
  notification_target_id   = var.notification_target_id
  notification_target_name = var.notification_target_name
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `region` - (Optional, String, ForceNew) Specifies the region in which to create the resource.
  If omitted, the provider-level region will be used. Changing this parameter will create a new resource.

* `name` - (Required, String, ForceNew) Specifies the event name. The valid length is limited from `1` to `64`.
  Only letters, digits, underscores (_) and hyphens (-) are allowed.

  Changing this parameter will create a new resource.

* `event_types` - (Required, List) Specifies the event type list. Valid values are:
  + **SECRET_VERSION_CREATED**: Triggered when a version of a secret is created.

>   + **SECRET_VERSION_EXPIRED**: Triggered when a secret version expires. (Triggered only once for each expiry).

Reviewer: the style of the descriptions should be same

Author: OK

  + **SECRET_ROTATED**: Triggered when a secret is rotated. Currently, only RDS secrets can be automatically rotated.
  + **SECRET_DELETED**: Triggered when a secret is deleted.

* `status` - (Required, String) Specifies the event status. Valid values are **ENABLED** and **DISABLED**.

>   Only the event in **ENABLED** status can trigger the event types.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Only the event in **ENABLED** status can be triggered.
```

Author: Done
